hi gamers watchdogs
I'm coming but it's finally here this is
quite an interesting game for a
collector because there's like no joke
like ten different editions available of
it of course in different regions but I
got here
the dedsec Edition which is the biggest
and best this is available in Europe
Asia and Australia it's somewhat
comparable to the North American limited
edition but it's still somewhat beefier
and I got this for the PlayStation 4
there's all sorts of goodies included
like of course the game in a steelbook
case the aiden pearce a figurine an art
book original' soundtrack map of a
chicago and a set of four augmented
reality collectable cards and a set of
three exclusive badges and of course
lots of DLC let's get cracking
before I just can figure out how to get
this okay small pieces of tape here on
the sides
and there we have it get out of the way
who are like the opening mechanism here
and of course embossed styrofoam is all
the rage
maybe we should take a look at that
later
first we have the steelbook case here
just an empty case and and the game
itself is included here does say not to
be sold separately here so it is made
for this pack here we got a map of
Chicago open this
of course every every open-world game
needs a map that's for sure
in the back here what do we get remote
access enabled that's good to know
soundtrack it's really nice to see on a
on an actual CD not just a digital
download we got 13 tracks here and then
set off a three badges just the logos
here known from the game then a little
box here I think screwed something up we
have here the four augmented reality
cards t-bone default eighteen peers and
the cats are going crazy
Clara Lille
actually I don't have any idea how to
use this but I'll get to the bottom of
it later then the art book characters
starting from Aiden Pearce
that's nice um ASCII art here then of
course the locations oh this is nice
cool graffitis as well I'd say that this
is the best thing in this art look let's
take a look at all of these before
skipping to the end yeah my stuff for
arcade and then we got get to the end
which is the figuri
no assembly required nice jacket
get them
now iconic cap and facemask here of
course gun and something to do hacking
with in this case a phone you be
collectibles good stuff and finally a
little look at the DLC we have here for
single-player packs the PlayStation
exclusive content
one extra single-player mission the
Palace pack the signature shot pack and
the breakthrough pack and that was the
dedsec edition of watchdogs for more
unboxings gaming and collecting check
out my channel and be sure to subscribe
if you like what you see that we're
watching I'll see you next time bye